Add examples to the marshaling updates in the migration guide (#1889)
mongodb/mongo-go-driver: docs/migration-2.0.md

### ValueMarshaler

> The `MarshalBSONValue` method of the `ValueMarshaler` interface is only required to return a byte type value representing the BSON type to avoid importing the `bsontype` package. Comparison can be achieved by type converting with `bson.Type`. For example:

Reviewer: Optional: Consider a clearer wording.

```suggestion
The `MarshalBSONValue` method of the [ValueMarshaler](https://pkg.go.dev/go.mongodb.org/mongo-driver/v2/bson#ValueMarshaler) interface now returns a `byte` value representing the [BSON type](https://pkg.go.dev/go.mongodb.org/mongo-driver/v2/bson#Type). That allows external packages to implement the `ValueMarshaler` interface without having to import the `bson` package. Convert a returned `byte` value to [bson.Type](https://pkg.go.dev/go.mongodb.org/mongo-driver/v2/bson#Type) to compare with the BSON type constants. For example:
```

```go
btype, _, _ := m.MarshalBSONValue()
fmt.Println("type of data: %s: ", bson.Type(btype))
fmt.Println("type of data is an array: %v", bson.Type(btype) == bson.TypeArray)
```

### ValueUnmarshaler

> The `UnmarshalBSONValue` method of the `ValueUnmarshaler` interface is only required to take a byte type argument representing the BSON type to avoid importing the Go driver package. For example:

Reviewer: Optional: Consider a clearer wording.

```suggestion
The `UnmarshalBSONValue` method of the [ValueUnmarshaler](https://pkg.go.dev/go.mongodb.org/mongo-driver/v2/bson#ValueUnmarshaler) interface now accepts a `byte` value representing the [BSON type](https://pkg.go.dev/go.mongodb.org/mongo-driver/v2/bson#Type) for the first argument. That allows packages to implement `ValueUnmarshaler` without having to import the `bson` package. For example:
```
